hello everybody we just wanted to give
you a quick update video of a project to
finished over for Christmas it's one of
those projects I worked hone and off on
probably for a couple of months anyway I
bought a weed and a skill set a while
back it comes with optional pieces where
you can build a regular now school or
the witch-king and I didn't know if when
I'll be able to buy another one so I
went ahead and built the the witch-king
and I tried to make it very similar to
the picture you see here so I just
wanted to show you really quickly what
it looks like
hopefully this is zoomed in enough we
can see it I tried to do some flame
effects here see if i zoom in for you
try this and flame effects here on the
sword and on the wings here I tried to
do a lot of dry brushing and some washes
and used a little bit of men wax on that
try to give that leathery tan look like
a like a dragon would have and of course
like I said I went with the actual witch
king see if i zoom in and get it to
focus a little bit for you
and did a lot of dry brushing on the
metal of course now one of the cool
things about a lot of these Games
Workshop bases on the Lord of the Rings
managers there's a lot of detail hidden
away on these bases the warm ooh Mac my
goodness there's all sorts of stuff
hidden on there so you know there's
really nice shield there's several
weapons hidden away down here so I'll
try to paint those and did some flock in
some rocks a lot of drybrushing down
here did a little bit of static graphs
give it a little bit of detail but
anyway don't want to do a really long
video just show you a quick look at a a
little nazgul idea and I hope you
enjoyed and please subscribe if you want
to see more thanks and God bless